hey guys my name is Matty mio and today
I have taken up a challenge that I don't
think many of you were expecting I get a
lot of great suggestions for this video
series it's the reason why I've done c4
only Zod bot only I've used the FAMAS
like a sniper rifle with the single shot
fire on a lot of Awesome ideas but
today's challenge may take the cake for
the most ridiculous if you can't tell
already I am using or I am standing in
the stationary tow missile turrets and
the reason why this was so challenging
was for a couple of reasons the first
reason being is that it doesn't hit very
hard you would kind of think that it
would because it's stationary it's a
guided missile it requires skill to line
up a shot but the only way that I found
to be able to take out infantry in one
hit was to get a body shot or like to
literally hit them at the base right off
the ground where they're standing
anything else would get a hitmarker
and while you could try to bombard
people and there were a couple of times
where I would bombard an area around
where I thought an infantry unit was and
I was able to tag a couple kills here
and there the only way I was able to get
consistent kills with it was to line up
shots with it and the other thing that
kind of held me back is that the missile
itself doesn't travel very fast it kind
of helped me when a target was really
close to me I could make last-minute
adjustments very quickly because it
didn't get to the destination very fast
but for anything at medium to long range
it was it was a lesson in patience there
were a lot of times where I was trying
to snipe recons off in the distance and
I would wait a good what felt like 4 to
5 seconds and then I would try to make
my my final Corrections to line up the
until I have the kill and the missile
would fly to the ground and it would be
nowhere near close enough to to garner
the kill so it was a combination of
those two factors that I kind of had to
work around but when I was able to line
up shots it was extremely satisfying
you're gonna see him here I get a couple
of helicopter Snipes off one of them
admittedly was almost all luck I mean I
was lining it up but halfway through the
projectile I was like there's no way I'm
gonna
this I didn't move my mouse or anything
like that so it kept the same trajectory
and this reason why I hit it but I was I
was looking for my next victim because I
honestly thought that I was gonna miss
it was an amazing moment and I started
yelling at my screen and excitement but
I can't I can't take credit for it but
in general it kind of felt like this
weapon was kind of tacked on into the
game there's only a couple of maps that
have it and on those maps they're really
in kind of random locations operation
firestorm I was only able to find two on
the map one was at E and one was at the
office buildings and while the office
building one was kind of out in the open
and you could kind of shoot tanks that
are going down the road the the one at E
is just like right at the border it's
like what is it doing all the way out
here it's literally served no purpose
that's where I got the nice choppers
tonight but other than that I just felt
like I was out in the middle of nowhere
the same is true for Caspian border
there are two on hilltop and while
that's nice the location of them is is
so random that you have no line of sight
on anything the only time I could find
myself getting any kills was when
someone was on the point with me if
anyone was going up the road to try to
capture it I had no line of sight and I
wasn't able to shoot them I had to wait
until they were a good 5 meters away to
launch the missile and at that point I
am extremely exposed and it resulted in
my death a lot so it just kind of felt
like hey we're gonna put this in it's
kind of cool but we're not exactly sure
how we want to to implement it so we're
just gonna have it and leave it as it is
but overall this one this was a fun
challenge it was not easy I was not
really able to go on a kill streaks by
any means it was kind of just like a
kill here and there if I was lucky but
when I was able to get kills especially
when I got those nice little like drag
scopes where I was nowhere near and I
had to like whip the whip the screen
around and then I would get the kill
those were a lot of fun but that is
about it for today's challenge guys I
hope you enjoyed if you have a setup
that you would like me to try next let
me know down below in the comment
section and also
sure to thumbs up the one you would also
like me to try but until tomorrow guys
have a good one and take it easy
[Music]